the airline terminal project has been
cleared for takeoff the first phase of
construction is now underway adjacent to
the existing historic airline terminal
conditions at the new airline terminal
site require improved soil stability in
preparation for the construction of the
new two-story 72,000 square foot
terminal building the soil stabilization
is being done by using a technique
called deep soil mixing deep soil mixing
is the mechanical blending of site soils
with cement to increase soil strength
lash construction is the contractor
completing the soil improvements to
stabilize the terminal building site and
the aircraft loading bridge area crews
drilled four foot wide and 37-foot deep
holes at a rate of three holes per hour
for 20 hours a day cement was pumped
into the holes and then blended with the
existing soil
the site will then be over excavated and
re compacted to a depth of 5 feet 3
additional feet of soil will be placed
to raise the finished floor of the
terminal 2 above that of the floodplain
to protect against extreme flood
conditions like those in 1995 once the
three feet of additional soil is placed
and compacted the site will be ready for
the foundation work to commence am a
corporation the terminal project general
contractor is expected to begin the next
phase of construction in late October
when they will begin work on utilities
and the building foundation stay tuned
in the months to come for another update
on the airline terminals flight to the
future